our program will simulate the operation of a vending machine. The machine will dispense,
upon reception of the correct amount of money, a choice of Gum, Peanuts, Cheese Crackers, or
M&Ms. Your software will perform the following:
1. Display a welcome message and instructions.
2. Set the initial inventory to two (2) of each kind.
3. Prompt the user for item selection. Gum (G), Peanuts (P), Cheese Crackers (C), or
M&Ms (M). Reject any invalid selections.
4. Confirm the customer’s selection.
5. Prompt the user for the amount to enter: Gum ($0.50), Peanuts ($0.55), Cheese Crackers
($0.65), or M&Ms ($1.00).
6. Accept money inputs of dimes (D), quarters (Q), and one-dollar bills (B).
7. If the customer selects an out of inventory item, prompt them to make another selection.
8. Vending machine will shut down if the entire inventory reaches zero.
9. Assume there is no limit on the amount of change the vending machine contains.
10. Make provisions for a secret code that when entered will display the current inventory of
items.
Sample Processing
Welcome to Mr. Zippy’s vending machine.
Cost of Gum ($0.50), Peanuts ($0.55), Cheese Crackers ($0.65), or M&Ms ($1.00).
Enter item selection: Gum (G), Peanuts (P), Cheese Crackers (C), or M&Ms (M)
C
You selected Cheese Crackers. Is this correct (Y/N)?
Y
Enter at least 65 cents for selection.
Dimes (D), Quarters (Q) and dollar bills (B):
B
Enough money entered.
Cheese Crackers have been dispensed.
Change of 35 cents has been returned.
Enter item selection: Gum (G), Peanuts (P), Cheese Crackers (C), or M&Ms (M)
General Requirements:
The student’s ARM Assembly code file needs to contain the following:
1. Proper header information that include commands that assemble, link, run the file and run the file
using the debugger that is specific for their file.
Lab3 Set_3
Lab 3 Advanced Program
Vending Machine
2. Data section that defines all the output strings.
3. Code comment sections that describe the major sections of the code:
a. Welcome message
b. Cost of items message
c. Prompt for selection
d. Verify selection
e. Prompt for payment until enough is entered
f. Dispense item, update inventory and given change
g. Exit program when inventory of all items reaches zero
h. Go back to step b.
i. Print inventory when secret code is entered.